#Each group of lines consists of a whole prompt (the first line), and 1-3 additional lines beneath it, one for each prompt component associated with the prompt.  Each prompt component line consists of the lemmatized prompt component, followed by a tab, followed by a space-separated list of lemmatized keywords associated with the prompt component.
Some people say that in our modern world, dominated by science and technology and industrialisation, there is no longer a place for dreaming and imagination. What is your opinion?
we modern world dominate by science and technology and industrialisation	dominate science technology industrialisation
there be no longer a place for dream and imagination	dream imagination

Most University degrees are theoretical and do not prepare us for the real life. Do you agree or disagree?
most university degree be theoretical	university degree theoretical
most university degree do not prepare we for real life	university degree prepare real life

In his novel "Animal Farm" George Orwell wrote "All men are equal but some are more equal than others". How true is this today?
all man be equal but some be more equal than other	more equal

The prison system is outdated. No civilized society should punish its criminals: it should rehabilitate them
the prison system be outdate	prison outdate
no civilized society should punish its criminal	punish criminal
society should rehabilitate they	rehabilitate

Feminists have done more harm to the cause of women than good
feminist have do more harm to the cause of woman than good	feminist harm good

All armies should consist entirely of professional soldiers: there is no value in a system of military service
all army should consist entirely of professional soldier	army professional
there be no value in a system of military service	value military service

Crime does not pay
crime do not pay	crime pay

Poverty is the cause of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa.
poverty be the cause of the hiv aids epidemic in Africa	poverty hiv aids

In the words of the old song: "Money is the root of all evil"
money be the root of all evil	money root evil

Television is the opium of the masses in modern society. Discuss.
television be the opium of the mass in modern society	television opium

Marx once said that religion was the opium of the masses. If he was alive at the end of the 20th century, he would replace religion with television
religion be the opium of the mass	religion opium
television be the opium of the mass	television opium

South African soccer players should be paid more to ensure that they play in South Africa
south african soccer player should be pay more to ensure that they play in south africa	soccer player pay play

Most university degrees are theoretical and do not prepare students for the real world. They are therefore of very little value
most university degree be theoretical	university degree theoretical
most university degree do not prepare student for the real world	university degree prepare real world
most university degree be of very little value	university degree value
